docs: refer to the web app as "W&B" instead of "W&B App" (#2737)
wandb/docs: models/artifacts/delete-artifacts.mdx

You can schedule when artifacts are deleted from W&B with TTL policies. For more information, see [Manage data retention with Artifact TTL policy](./ttl).

<Note>

> Artifacts deleted by a TTL policy, the W&B Python SDK, or W&B are first soft-deleted. Soft-deleted artifacts are then garbage-collected before they are permanently deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When W&B deletes an artifact due to a TTL policy, from the W&B Python SDK, or from the W&B UI, the artifact is initially "soft-deleted". Soft-deleted artifacts are permanently deleted during garbage collection.
```
